Edit related_integrations field for custom rules in UI [classic] (#5151)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/rules-ui-create.asciidoc

For example, if a rule has an interval of 5 minutes, no additional look-back time, and a history window size of 7 days, a term will be considered new only if the time it appears within the last 7 days is also within the last 5 minutes. Configure the rule interval and additional look-back time when you <<rule-schedule, set the rule's schedule>>.

. preview:[] (Optional, https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Platinum or higher subscription] required) Use *Suppress alerts by* to reduce the number of repeated or duplicate alerts created by the rule. Refer to <<alert-suppression>> for more information.
+

////
The following step is repeated across all rule types. If you change anything 
in the step or its sub-steps, apply the change to the other rule types, too.
////

> . (Optional) Add *Related integrations* to associate the rule with one or more {integrations-docs}[Elastic integrations]. This indicates the rule's dependency on specific integrations and their data types, and allows users to confirm each integration's <<rule-prerequisites,installation status>> when viewing the rule. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. (Optional) Add *Related integrations* to associate the rule with one or more {integrations-docs}[Elastic integrations]. This indicates the rule's dependency on specific integrations and the data they generate, and allows users to confirm each integration's <<rule-prerequisites,installation status>> when viewing the rule. 
```

.. Click *Add integration*, then select an integration from the list. You can also start typing an integration's name to find it faster.

> .. Enter the version of the integration you want associated with the rule, using https://semver.org[semantic versioning]. For version ranges, you must use tilde or caret syntax. For example, `~1.2.3` is from 1.2.3 to any patch version less than 1.3.0, and `^1.2.3` is from 1.2.3 to any minor and patch version less than 2.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Enter the version of the integration you want to associate with the rule, using https://semver.org[semantic versioning]. For version ranges, you must use tilde or caret syntax. For example, `~1.2.3` is from 1.2.3 to any patch version less than 1.3.0, and `^1.2.3` is from 1.2.3 to any minor and patch version less than 2.0.0.
```
